README.adoc, before:

= DefNoche vim colorscheme
:author: Maxim Kim
:experimental:
:icons: font
:autofit-option:
:source-highlighter: rouge
:rouge-style: github
:source-linenums-option:
:imagesdir: images

There are tons of awesome `dark background` colorschemes...

[.lead]
This colorscheme is not one of them.

[.lead]
GUI and 256color terms only.

== Screenshots

image::img_README_1.png[]

image::img_README_2.png[]

image::img_README_3.png[]

image::img_README_4.png[]

image::img_README_5.png[]

== Installation

Manual::
Copy `defnoche.vim` to your `.vim/colors/` folder.

Vim8 packages::
[source,bash]
git clone https://github.com/habamax/vim-colors-defnoche.git ~/.vim/pack/my-packages/start/vim-colors-defnoche

or for Windows:

[source,bash]
git clone https://github.com/habamax/vim-colors-defnoche.git %USERPROFILE%/vimfiles/pack/my-packages/start/vim-colors-defnoche

Plugin managers::
See plugin manager documentation.


== I want white background!

Check https://github.com/habamax/vim-colors-defminus[defminus] colorscheme.

Commit message:

Note about comments are NON-ITALIC

README.adoc, after:

= DefNoche vim colorscheme
:author: Maxim Kim
:experimental:
:icons: font
:autofit-option:
:source-highlighter: rouge
:rouge-style: github
:source-linenums-option:
:imagesdir: images

There are tons of awesome `dark background` colorschemes...

[.lead]
This colorscheme is not one of them.

[.lead]
GUI and 256color terms only.

== Screenshots

NOTE: Initially comments were italic as you can see on the screenshots. But now they are not. :)

image::img_README_1.png[]

image::img_README_2.png[]

image::img_README_3.png[]

image::img_README_4.png[]

image::img_README_5.png[]

== Installation

Manual::
Copy `defnoche.vim` to your `.vim/colors/` folder.

Vim8 packages::
[source,bash]
git clone https://github.com/habamax/vim-colors-defnoche.git ~/.vim/pack/my-packages/start/vim-colors-defnoche

or for Windows:

[source,bash]
git clone https://github.com/habamax/vim-colors-defnoche.git %USERPROFILE%/vimfiles/pack/my-packages/start/vim-colors-defnoche

Plugin managers::
See plugin manager documentation.


== I want white background!

Check https://github.com/habamax/vim-colors-defminus[defminus] colorscheme.
